What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When creating a new repository by typing "git init" a new hidden directory named ".git" will be created in the directory you're currently in.
It will contain no initial commit because you have to do it on your own, to create a new comment.
You have to create a new repository, so git knows where to put all the commits.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a dynamic spot where you can put different files which should be committed and put into the repository.
It's the interface between the working directory and the repository.
It's very valuable because you can decide which files should be committed and which shouldn't. 
You can split up different changes in different commits, which makes debugging more efficient and makes the repository more clear.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can add only the file with the change to the staging area, so it will be separately committed.
Also you can compare the staging area to the least commit by using git diff --staged and check if there is only one logical change.
You can compare the staging area with your working directory by using git diff whithout any parameters to compare those two.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
If ayou want to add some additional features, but also keep your working version running and available at the same time.
Another thing would be if you develop some language features while extending your mainversion with some new features.
Branches help by splitting up versions. They help you organizing your different development states.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It shows graphically where some branches split up and which commits can be reached from which branch.
Also it can show dead commits, that can never be reached from any other branch.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
merging two branches together will result in one branch. The new created branch will contain all the commits that were made in the
branches ordered by timestamp. After merging the branch can be deleted.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
+ faster
- could produce bugs

